README.md, before:

CKEditor 5 classic editor creator
========================================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5](https://badges.gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5.svg)](https://gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40ckeditor%2Fckeditor5-editor-classic.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/coverage)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic?type=dev)

The classic editor implementation. More information about the project can be found at the following URL: <https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic>.

## License

Licensed under the GPL, LGPL and MPL licenses, at your choice. For full details about the license, please check the `LICENSE.md` file.

Commit message:

Docs: Improved editors and builds docs.

README.md, after:

CKEditor 5 classic editor implementation
========================================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5](https://badges.gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5.svg)](https://gitter.im/ckeditor/ckeditor5?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40ckeditor%2Fckeditor5-editor-classic.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/coverage)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ckeditor/ckeditor5-editor-classic?type=dev)

The classic editor implementation.

This package exposes the [`ClassicEditor`](https://ckeditor5.github.io/docs/nightly/ckeditor5/latest/api/module_editor-classic_classiceditor-ClassicEditor.html) class. Follow there to learn more about this type of editor and how to initialize it.

This package contains the source version of the classic editor. This editor implementation is also available in the [classic build](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-build-classic). Read more about [CKEditor 5 Builds](https://ckeditor5.github.io/docs/nightly/ckeditor5/latest/builds/index.html).

## License

Licensed under the GPL, LGPL and MPL licenses, at your choice. For full details about the license, please check the `LICENSE.md` file.
